[Music]
welcome to slash forward and a puppet
master five the continuation let's get
to it we start out in a bewildering
situation picking up right after the
fourth film we find a Rick in hot water
he's in for questioning regarding the
deaths of doctors Baker and Piper
although he's not under arrest he's
wearing an orange jumper the whole thing
goes around in circles research and
development they were developing
developments the detective gets a little
handsy and then fills him in they know
about the demon figurines and about his
puppets so they're connecting the two
Rick gets bailed out by his corporate
overlords and is visited in prison by
none other than the future director of
operations of the company they have a
conversation about the events that
transpired and in a Power Move Rick cuts
the conversation short and heads out
Susie picks up Rick from the station
happy he's now out giving her some brief
respite from her time filling activity
of constantly teasing that hair take a
breaker she's eager to get that
jailhouse stank all over her but Rick
passes out at the exact wrong moments we
also see that blade escaped the evidence
room and made it into his bag we get a
little ketchup action to initiate the
plot on this bad boy the king of the
underworld is lonely so he puts his
essence into a super totem to send to
the world of light dr. jennings has
offered a bribe by clew Gulager for some
insider secrets lauren is in a coma as a
result of the events of the last movie
when Rick wakes up he resolves to
collect the remainder of the puppets
from the inn before the police find them
dr. jennings makes it to the hotel first
eager to earn that bribe money the men
he hired to help emerge from the shadows
around him inside they demonstrate that
he spared many expenses in their hiring
mr. between 30 and 40 centimeters high
and they all have internal hydraulic
mechanism what well just pick up
anything that looks like a puppet okay
and in the way they annoyingly shine
their flashlights and the eyes of the
person they're talking to from here the
movie consists of a lot of little scenes
of various characters running around in
finding puppets or the demon with
equally predictable results in those
cases so let's run through it Mayor Hugh
Zach catches sight of something and
chases after it but is distracted by his
own beautiful visit Rick and blade get
to the hotel and split up to find the
others not yet knowing that there are
intruders around the head demon finally
finishes his ritual Jason then finds the
old trunk which contains a fresh demon
who quickly eviscerates him and steals
the soul Rick gets an ambiguous message
from his computer he can't figure out
how to manipulate it no matter how many
times he presses 7 or 9 Scott manages to
run across pinhead and becomes
mesmerised he moves in as close as
possible allowing him to get
bitch-slapped and then he gives chase
Rick finds six-shooter who informs him
of the intruders Scott manages to catch
up with pinhead and in the process of
trying to remove him from the shelf gets
his nuts tenderized this henchman runs
across the demon and gets a little too
smitten for his own good commenting on
its beauty Alta mately tripping and
getting scratched to death
Susie shows up amidst the pandemonium
Rick and dr. Jennings run across each
other with Jennings committed to flee
then Rick finds Suzy and they discover
the computer stuff is a psychic message
from Lauren she's able to provide Rick
with the reanimation formula on his way
out dr. Jennings runs across a couple of
the puppets and decides the risk to his
life is worth it to capture their
secrets meanwhile Rick committed to
purging the world of the demon begins to
work to get the capital on back online
their fuel acts as a conduit for raw
electricity allowing autonomous
parameters basically life yeah basically
it works in Rick accentuates his success
with an epic fist pump they run off to
let the puppets do their work as Scott
is finally killed nearby dr. jennings
however now has access to exactly what
he wants
so he knocks Rick out to provide him the
opportunity to collect the puppets
unfortunately for him they had other
ideas and slowly back him into the open
elevator shaft now at the final showdown
the puppets worked together to weaken
the demon in a last-ditch effort he
opens a portal to another dimension but
the puppets blow that up and put an end
to this ancient evil we end at Susie's
apartment where Toulon says his final
cab
it officially passes the torch to the
new puppet master who we won't ever see
again and that's the fifth puppet master
I hope you enjoyed the video thanks for
watching
[Applause]
[Music]